TELCODOCS-432: RN for RHACM 2.8 release with 4.13 z-stream (#61083)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.13 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-12-iPXE-ZTP"]

> Zero touch provisioning (ZTP) uses the Bare Metal Operator (BMO) to boot RHCOS on the target host as part of the deployment of spoke clusters. With this update, ZTP leverages the capabilities of the BMO by adding the option of Preboot Execution Environment (iPXE) network booting for these RHCOS installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ztp-first} uses the Bare Metal Operator (BMO) to boot {op-system-first} on the target host as part of the deployment of spoke clusters. With this update, {ztp} leverages the capabilities of the BMO by adding the option of Preboot Execution Environment (iPXE) network booting for these RHCOS installations.
```

[NOTE]
====

> To use iPXE network booting, you must use Red Hat Advanced Cluster Manager 2.8 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use iPXE network booting, you must use {rh-rhacm-first} 2.8 or later.
```

====

> For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites.adoc#ztp-deploying-a-site_ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites[Deploying a managed cluster with SiteConfig and GitOps ZTP]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites.adoc#ztp-deploying-a-site_ztp-deploying-far-edge-sites[Deploying a managed cluster with SiteConfig and {ztp}]
```
